docs(cloud_firestore_odm): Update documentation with a brief outline of what an "odm" does. (#7791)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/firestore-odm/overview.mdx

:::

> ## What is an ODM ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is an ODM?
```

Reviewer: @KikiManjaro thanks for the PR, some small tweaks 😄

> The Object Document Model or ODM is an interface that treats a document as a tree structure wherein each node is an object representing a part of the document. . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Object Document Mapper or ODM is an interface that treats a document as a tree structure wherein each node is an object representing a part of the document.   
```

> Each branch of the tree ends in a node, and each node contains objects. 
> ODM methods allow programmatic access to the tree; with them one can change the structure, style or content of a document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ODM methods allow programmatic access to the tree making it possible to change the structure, style or content of a document. 
```
